# CS340---Final-Project
CS-340 SNHU final project submission and read me 
Q/A for submission:
    Q): How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    A): I write code that is maintaibnable, readable, and adaptable by use of Object Orientation. An instance of this is found in the CRUD.py. It was an objected that can be adapted to more than just this assignment and can be used in other instances with MongoDB. The CRUD.py has the basis of Create, Read, Update, and Delete that can be adapted through small changes of the code to fit any other database using MongoDB. It is also easy to change the user logged into mongoDB.
    Q): How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    A): During all approaches, I read the requirements and gather ideas on how to solve the problem presented to me. I take into account of what I do know and try to perform research on either more efficient ways to utilize the software provided. This assignment I spend a lot of time looking at the documentation for the libraries provided. I spent a majority of my time trying to study how leaflet worked, and pymongo. These were the first times using these libraries. With every change in code I had to test to make sure that it worked as intended and if it did not I had to work out the logic. One of the struggles I had was getting the geopositional map to work in tandem with the pie chart. I had issues with each one displaying consecutively. 
    Q): What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    A): Computer scientists are problem solvers. They are given a problem, and tasked with trying to improve a task for a company. In the situation like Grazioso Salvare, they were trying to seek means on finding animals that fit for their rescue services. Their goal is to have a database CRUD database that allows them to search animals that fit their needs for rescue efforts and disaster relief. What this does is allow them to spend less time finding animals and more time training the animals. This allows more productivity with the company.
